Module 2 quiz

1.
Question 1
After training a ridge regression model, you find that the training and test set accuracies are 0.98 and 0.54 respectively. Which of the following would be the best choice for the next ridge regression model you train?  b

1 point

You are overfitting, the next model trained should have a lower value for alpha


You are overfitting, the next model trained should have a higher value for alpha


You are underfitting, the next model trained should have a lower value for alpha


You are underfitting, the next model trained should have a higher value for alpha

Answer 1 - 'b' - You are overfitting, the next model trained should have a higher value for alpha


2.
Question 2
After training a Radial Basis Function (RBF) kernel SVM, you decide to increase the influence of each training point and to simplify the decision surface. Which of the following would be the best choice for the next RBF SVM you train?c

1 point

Decrease C and gamma


Increase C and gamma


Increase C, decrease gamma


Decrease C, increase gamma

Answer 2 - 'c' - Increase C, decrease gamma


3.
Question 3
Which of the following is an example of multiclass classification? (Select all that apply)a,b

1 point

Classify a set of fruits as apples, oranges, bananas, or lemons


Predict whether an article is relevant to one or more topics (e.g. sports, politics, finance, science)


Predicting both the rating and profit of soon to be released movie


Classify a voice recording as an authorized user or not an authorized user.

Answer 3 - 'ab' - Classify a set of fruits as apples, oranges, bananas, or lemons
                  Predict whether an article is relevant to one or more topics (e.g. sports, politics, finance, science)



4.
Question 4
Looking at the plot below which shows accuracy scores for different values of a regularization parameter lambda, what value of lambda is the best choice for generalization?10

Answer 4 - 10


5.
Question 5
Suppose you are interested in finding a parsimonious model (the model that accomplishes the desired level of prediction with as few predictor variables as possible) to predict housing prices. Which of the following would be the best choice?a

1 point

Lasso Regression


Logistic Regression


Ordinary Least Squares Regression


Ridge Regression

Answer 5 - 'a' - Logistic Regression


6.
Question 6
Match the plots of SVM margins below to the values of the C parameter that correspond to them.b


1 point

10, 1, 0.1


0.1, 1, 10


10, 0.1, 1


1, 0.1, 10

Answer 6 - 'b' - 0.1, 1, 10


7.

Question 7
Use Figures A and B below to answer questions 7, 8, 9, and 10.a

Looking at the two figures (Figure A, Figure B), determine which linear model each figure corresponds to:

1 point

Figure A: Ridge Regression, Figure B: Lasso Regression


Figure A: Lasso Regression, Figure B: Ridge Regression


Figure A: Ordinary Least Squares Regression, Figure B: Ridge Regression


Figure A: Ridge Regression, Figure B: Ordinary Least Squares Regression


Figure A: Ordinary Least Squares Regression, Figure B: Lasso Regression


Figure A: Lasso Regression, Figure B: Ordinary Least Squares Regression

Answer 7 - 'a' - Figure A: Ridge Regression, Figure B: Lasso Regression


8.
Question 8
Looking at Figure A and B, what is a value of alpha that optimizes the R2 score for the Ridge Model?5

Answer 8 - 5


9.
Question 9
Looking at Figure A and B, what is a value of alpha that optimizes the R2 score for the Lasso Model?10

Answer 9 - 10


Question 10
When running a LinearRegression() model with default parameters on the same data that generated Figures A and B the output coefficients are:10

Coef 0	-19.5
Coef 1	48.8
Coef 2	9.7
Coef 3	24.6
Coef 4	13.2
Coef 5	5.1
For what value of Coef 3 is R2 score maximized for the Ridge Model?

Answer 10 - 10


11.
Question 11
Which of the following is true of cross-validation? (Select all that apply)bde

1 point

Increases generalization ability and reduces computational complexity


Fits multiple models on different splits of the data


Removes need for training and test sets


Helps prevent knowledge about the test set from leaking into the model


Increases generalization ability and computational complexity

Answer 11 - 'bde' 
                  Fits multiple models on different splits of the data


                  Helps prevent knowledge about the test set from leaking into the model


                  Increases generalization ability and computational complexity



